Can you touch your toes?
>> Can you put your palms on the ground?
>> Okay, but can you touch your elbow to
your toe? Here's my solution. Take a
picture to see how far you can go before
you try this method. Step one, nerves.
Hinge forward and bend a knee. Feel it
tingle behind the straight leg. If you
don't feel it tingle, lean forward a
little bit and then bend the other knee.
Follow the single lady. Fluidly switch
between the two. Making sure to feel a
deeper stretch about a week ago with
every pulse you do. Keep going for 30
reps on each leg. Step two, activate in
a lunge. Find the best hamstring stretch
for you. But we're not done yet. Press
your heel into the ground so that your
hamstring is forced to flex for 30
masochistic seconds. Rest and then do it
again, but of course on both sides.
Step three, deeper. This time you're
going to sit down, pick a leg, and grab
whatever you can and pull the top of
your head towards your toes. Ooh. If
your knee wants to bend, bad knee. Keep
it straight. And then switch to the
other side. 30 seconds on both. And this
is the last step. Do not skip it. It's
more important than you think it is.
Spin around five times to help your
nervous system relax. And then test
again.
Whoa. You should have huge gains now.
But the only way to keep them is to stay
consistent. And that's why I've got a
free routine that you can follow here.